they break
ah
we'll pick up
is he on yeah
you feel heavy Bowl heavy I'm glad we
got that long leader bub
might be big shark - he's sure running
that's a good fish
oh yeah he's putting some pressure on
let me check your bag for you yeah
you're not even getting line tighten it
he's way too loose that's a good fish
let me check
okay tighten more
how heavy is that line 2040 nice no I
don't think maybe 2025 the higher you
can get j.r the better off we'll be but
feel ya he's headed back out to sea bro
it's a good fish and there's a lot of
big rocks out there we got to be careful
of
that's a good fish dude that is that's a
big fish bro
yeah get out get up on the high get up
high he's going to cut you there's what
rocks that go way up rush for that High
Rock Junior right over the top of him
watch where he's going the big rocks if
you can get him up and work him left
that'd be best jr. if he's right there
huh
oh this isn't gonna be good
dude we got to get him back down to the
left go over his line see if you can get
him back there song
it's gonna be hard as hell to land him
from there he's going out now Junior you
got to go back he's going around that's
a big red bro and there's rocks right
there bad rocks there bad rocks down
there
nice bitch
judge tried bring him up over the rocks
right at your feet no where is he going
get back up now real down real down real
down you can gain 20 feet of line if you
real down and he's in the rock I know
but you got a real down it do it as a 42
inch red 42 inch a half okay bring them
up real down again real down again bro
real down again
Jeremy get the camera you sir
that's point five
yeah jr. that's the biggest breaking
redfish I've ever seen
Wow
you got anything to say beside yeah whoo
bitch is heavy okay so did you end up
measuring that fish yeah it came out to
about 45 no that the monster bub
get something here
welcome to 40 inch club brother